Hey there and welcome to Soul Church.
Our prayer is that this message encourages you wherever you may be in life.
We've been hearing so many stories about what God is doing in people's lives and we'd love to hear yours.
So take a second and send your story to stories at soulchurch.com.
Thanks again for joining us today and we hope that you enjoy the message.
God bless.
We're gonna open our hearts to receive the word of God today.
You know, this is such an important part of our gatherings together.
We come and we worship God, but we also open our hearts to receive the instruction of His Word.
And who knows that the Word of God is powerful, it's alive, it can change us.
And so I'm believing today that we're going to be changed by the Word that we're going to hear.
And we've got an amazing man of God who is going to be bringing the Word to brought a phenomenal Word in our earlier service in the nine o'clock service.
Luke Brelling really is a man of God.
God is opening doors for Luke.
in many ways to speak to other churches in the nation and in other parts of the world.
He's an anointed communicator.
He's also a local boy.
He's also Norwich through and through and goes and represents Norfolk around the world when he goes and speaks.
But no, he's got a beautiful family.
Lisa, his wife and Lila and Lucille, his daughters,
And I know Luke is going to be a real blessing this morning.
So can we open our hearts to what Luke is prepared?
What God is going to speak through him?
Let's honor the man of God in the Word of God today.
Come on, Luke.
Let's go.
Oh, come on, Soul Church.
Just you've got to have a praise in this place.
We thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Wow.
Ah, you're standing good this morning.
What a great day to be in church.
I loved hearing just then about the testimonies in the last couple of years and people's lives touched and changed by the power of Jesus Christ.
But how many of you know God's not finished yet?
Our best days are still ahead of us.
You know, I was so moved this morning.
I was driving in, I live in Kringleford.
Does anyone live in Kringleford or eaten?
Three of us.
I need to do a bit more evangelizing in Kringleford.
But as I was driving along the new market road this morning, I was behind a sole church mini bus.
And it was full of people coming to church.
Oh, isn't that good?
I love being a part of what God is doing in our city.
It doesn't just happen.
It happens because we have incredible, anointed humble, gifted leaders, John and Chantel and the team that give their all to
to make things happen, and we're so blessed, and they're not here today, but I'm sure he's watching online.
So why don't we just take a moment and thank them for what they do for us.
Thank you.
Wonderful.
But I'm gonna price, they stand in for one moment, and then we'll get into the word, Father.
Lord, we thank you for your word.
We thank you that it is indeed alive and active.
And Lord, we ask right now that you will speak through me today, that every man, every woman, every child in this place and watching online will hear from heaven.
Lord, that it will be a word in season, that it will bring transformation.
Father, we ask that you would have your way in this place.
And if Faithfield Church says, amen and amen, you may be seated.
Over recent weeks, Pastor John has been unpacking our theme for the year on mission.
He's taught on the Great Commission about how we as Christians have a responsibility to share our faith with other people.
We've looked how mission begins with vision, the need to focus on what is lost.
Last week, we heard a message that he titled from hearing
to sharing.
And today I want to continue on with that theme and talk to you on a message that I have titled, On Mission, A Call to Courage.
On Mission, A Call to Courage.
I wonder what you think of when you hear the word mission.
Maybe something heroic.
a dangerous feat or a daring assignment.
Maybe your mind is drawn to something strategic, like a mission statement in your workplace.
Perhaps you relate the word mission to something personal.
You are a man or a woman on a mission to achieve a certain goal.
Whether it is a global operation or a private ambition, mission
suggests movement.
Mission suggests assignment.
Mission suggests advancement.
Going on any mission is challenging, exciting, fulfilling.
You can dream about a mission.
You can plan for a mission.
You can train for a mission, but ultimately, no matter who you are or what that message or what that mission is, there is one ingredient that needs to be present in them all.
And that is this, courage.
Courage.
Courage is the strength of mind or ability to do something in spite of danger or difficulty.
think of an astronaut going to space.
They can know the mission, they can wear the correct attire, they can have all the training, but ultimately they still need courage to get inside of that rocket and fly it into space.
My wife Lisa is a plastic surgeon and many years ago
Her and a team of other surgeons flew to Vietnam to provide reconstructive facial surgery on people with tumors and cancers in the face.
The doctors knew their mission.
They had compassion.
They brought with them the tools that were required, but they still needed to activate some courage to actually go and do it.
Think of some of the men.
and women in the Bible, like Joshua, for example.
Joshua was tasked with leading the Israelites out of the wilderness into a land called Canaan.
It was the long awaited promise.
He knew the mission.
God had given him the strategy that was to take his soldiers around the walls of Jericho.
They were to walk around it once a day for six days.
But on the seventh day, they were to march around it and then have the trumpeteers give a long sand of a blast.
And then everyone was to give a shout of praise.
And the walls came crashing down.
He knew what he was called to do.
but it was going to require courage to do it.
Consider Mary, the mother of Jesus.
When the angel appeared to her with the news that she would be with child and said, do not be afraid.
This wasn't just for her comfort.
It was a strategic command.
She was handed a mandate
that would redefine history, carry the sun, name him Jesus, and then raise him the savior of the world.
You see, friend Mary's story goes beyond Christmas.
It was one of history's most critical missions that demanded fresh courage from her every single morning.
There are so many examples of men and women of God on a mission that required courage.
and you and I are no different, especially, especially when it comes to telling people about Jesus.
And yet the Bible makes it very clear that every single one of us has been called to do it, whether you are in school, university, the workplace, a full-time parent, perhaps you're retired.
Hey, wherever you are, if there is breath in your lungs, you are still on mission.
Your pulse is a permit to preach for you have a sphere of influence that God wants you to reach.
Or I'll say it again, your pulse.
Let that sink in.
I like I was writing that this week.
Your pulse is a permit to preach for you have a sphere of influence that God wants you to reach.
Now God knew that talking about him to other people isn't easy.
That is why when Jesus gave the Great Commission in Matthew 28, he finished by saying this in verse 20, and they're gonna put it up on the screen.
Jesus said this, and surely, and surely, I am with you always to the very end of the age.
It was a clear reminder
that it is a co-mission, a co-mission, a co-mission, not a solo mission, a co-mission, you and God working together in partnership.
You and God working together in unity.
You and God working together in collaboration.
God will do his part, but you have to do your part.
God will open up opportunities in your day.
He will open up opportunities in your week, but you are the one that has to step through them and embrace them.
We have to do something.
Being on mission requires courage.
Especially when it comes to telling people about your faith.
I remember one of the first times I ever shared my faith with someone.
It was January 2006, and I was on my way to Sydney, Australia to go to Bible College.
Now, how many of you know London to Sydney is a long flight?
Has anyone done that flight before?
It's a long flight.
However, during the night, I got up to stretch my legs at the back of the plane when a young woman approached me.
Oh, come on.
She just started talking to me about her life and her problems.
I thought it was just a friendly conversation, especially
as she went on to tell me that she was getting married in a few months time.
So I passed on my congratulations.
However, the tone in her voice then shifted.
And she told me that she wanted to have one more bit of fun.
I know.
One last fling.
One more private rendezvous.
in the aeroplane toilet, which he pointed at at the back.
Now, in my head, I said, get behind me, Satan.
But truthfully, my heart was beating.
My legs were shaking.
But at the same time, my faith
was rising.
I recognized that now was the time to activate some courage.
And so I started telling that woman about Jesus.
I said, listen lady, I'm on my way to Bible college.
Do you know Jesus?
I said, do you know him?
You can meet him right here.
You can meet him right now.
She very quickly walked back to her seat.
I don't know if she found Jesus that day, but I found what courage means.
I tell you, we all need a bit of courage when we're on our mission.
Someone, someone who did that very well in the Bible, someone that knew courage was required, was a man called Philip.
And I want to summarize one of his stories found in Acts, chapter eight, and then give you some keys that
I know it's going to ignite that courage in you today.
So let me summarize that it's found in Acts 8, 26.
But here we have a man of God called Philip, and one morning the Lord speaks to him to get up and go on a journey.
On the way, an Ethiopian man passes him by in a chariot that was reading some scripture out loud.
This man had been on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem and now was returning back to Ethiopia.
When Philip
runs up alongside that chariot.
He asks this man if he understands what he is reading, and the man doesn't, and so he invites Philip into the chariot.
They then continue on their journey where Philip tells this man about Jesus.
They pass some water, and so has the chariot pull over.
They get out of the chariot.
This man is baptized, and then he goes on his way to transform his nation.
Philip's courage
transformed that man's destiny.
And from that story, I want to give you four truths that's going to see you do the same.
It's going to see you impact and transform the people of your world's destiny.
Does that sound good?
Am I loud enough for it?
I'm just warming up.
The first truth is this, is that knowing his voice gives you a voice.
Knowing his voice gives you a voice.
The first thing I notice in this story is that Philip recognizes God's voice.
Acts 8, 26, and 27 says, now an angel of the Lord said to Philip, goes south to the road, the desert road that goes down from Jerusalem to Gaza.
So he started out.
He doesn't ask questions.
He doesn't hang around.
He doesn't waste a second.
Why?
because he knows God's voice.
How?
Because he has taken time to be with God before the days of mobile phones.
There was something called a landline phone.
Does anyone remember the landline phone?
I'm talking about the phone that had a wire attached to it and to the wall for some of the younger people in here today.
But you know, there were many times when my dad
would call the house phone from his place of work.
And I would pick it up.
I would pick up that phone and it never flashed up with his name.
It never flashed up with his face.
It never flashed up with his number.
We didn't have Zoom back then.
We didn't have WhatsApp call back then.
No, but I knew the moment I heard his voice, my father was speaking to me.
I didn't need anyone convincing me otherwise.
I didn't need anyone telling me it was someone else.
I knew it was my father.
How?
Because I had been in his presence.
I knew my daddy's voice.
And I wonder if you know your God's voice.
You see, friend, if you want to impact your sphere of courage, your sphere of influence, if you want to walk with courage, if you want to be effective in your mission, then get into no God on a personal level.
Listen to his voice, understanding his word and his ways is crucial.
It is crucial when Queen Elizabeth passed away in September 22,
We heard many tributes from people that had had one or two interactions with her as good as they were.
The testimonies that impacted me the most were from those who had journeyed with her over a number of years, those that knew her behind the scenes, those that had seen her at her best and at her worst.
Those were the people that could speak powerfully in public about her because they genuinely knew her in private.
The same goes for walking with God.
getting to know Him in private is the key to speaking powerfully about Him in public.
We see this in Acts 4, two of Jesus' disciples.
Peter and John had been sharing the gospel in Jerusalem.
They had been performing miracle signs and wonders.
In fact, thousands of people had come to believe.
This angered and unsettled the religious rulers so much that they had these two men arrested and thrown into jail.
The next day they questioned Peter and John in the Sanhedrin, the Supreme Court, and these leaders were amazed at what they heard next.
Listen to what the Bible says in Acts 4, 13.
It says, when they saw the courage,
underline that if you've got your Bible.
When they saw the courage of Peter and John and realized that they were unschooled, ordinary men, they were astonished and took note that these men had been with Jesus.
Wow.
What an incredible testimony.
They were so stunned.
by Peter and John's courage and insight that these religious leaders were forced to concede a powerful truth.
They were forced to admit that because they had been in the presence of Jesus, they stood out.
There was something different about them.
Wow.
Imagine, imagine if people said that about you.
Well, they can.
If you want to speak with divine authority, if you want to walk with a confidence that illuminates every room you enter, if you want to exercise a wisdom that surpasses all human understanding, then we must prioritize prayer, the reading of his word, and dwelling in the presence of Jesus.
We've got to get away from the distractions.
Turn off the laptop.
Stop scrolling through the phone.
Put down the iPad and find yourself a quiet place where you can speak to God and God can speak to you.
I call it the secret place.
It can be in your bedroom, it can be in your car, it can be out on a walk.
You see carving out time with God is crucial to fulfilling your calling.
Intimacy with God is what fuels your authority.
The better you know his heart, the more sensitive you become to his voice.
The more you know his voice, the bolder you can speak his word.
Knowing his voice gives you a voice.
Is this helping you?
The second truth that's going to ignite your courage is this.
Is that a stepping out equals a leaning in?
Stepping out equals a leaning him.
Acts 8.29 says this, the spirit told Philip, go to that chariot and stay near it.
Then Philip ran.
He ran up to the chariot and heard the man reading the prophet, Isaiah the prophet.
Do you understand what you are reading?
Philip asked, how can I, he said, unless someone explains it to me?
So he invited Philip to come and sit with him.
Here we see something incredible.
Philip has recognized God's voice in the morning and he has set out on his journey.
He has no idea what could happen next when a chariot passes him by.
Chariots, especially in Bible times, they were big.
They were loud.
They were intimidating.
The people riding in them were either soldiers of a certain rank or experience or they were someone with wealth or fame or great status.
Most people would stand back when a chariot was passing through.
Most people would move out of the way when a chariot was coming down their road but not Phillip.
Not Philip, the Bible says that he starts chasing the chariot.
Turn to your neighbor and say, chase the chariot.
Now turn to your least favorite neighbor and say, chase the chariot.
Yeah.
Chase the chariot.
I know we see this sort of stuff in the movies, but this is in the Bible too.
But let me put it to you this way.
Imagine you've got early one morning to go for a walk in the city and you find yourself at a set of traffic lights about to cross the road when a big, black, heavily armored limousine passes you by.
Their windows are down and you notice that they are listening to Pastor John Sermon from hearing to sharing last week.
Now, you want to be sure that they understand what they heard, not because John is not a good teacher, by the way.
But so, it starts coming past you, and it starts going down the Prince of Wales road.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I know the city will.
And you start chasing after the limousine.
You're running down.
Hey!
Excuse me!
Wait, wait!
Do you know?
Anyway, the limousine, it pulls over.
You pop your head through the window.
You say, do you understand what my pastor was talking about?
They said, no, not really.
Sorry, John, I know you're watching this.
And so he jumps in.
They then start driving around the streets of Norwich.
Half an hour or so later, that man in the limousine says, I want to know Jesus.
They're now on Yarmouth Road.
They see the river, yeah.
They pull the limo over, they get out, they get baptized, he gets baptized, and then he goes on his way, a completely different person.
This is what's going on in the story.
The Bible says he chases the chariot.
He doesn't walk.
He doesn't jog.
He runs.
There is an urgency in his movement.
There is a drive, a determination to put his faith into action.
He is embracing the very thoughts of not knowing what is about to happen next.
Oh, that's risky.
That's risky.
I like to call it brave faith.
You see, Philip doesn't let fear creep in and talk himself out of it.
He's not embarrassed that his actions are a little bit out of the ordinary.
He knows that God has called him.
He knows that he is on a mission and he is gonna run and chase that chariot down until he finishes it.
He either lets that moment pass him by or he grabs a hold of it with both hands.
What a lesson.
to us all, old friend, if ever there was a time to preach the gospel, it is now.
If ever there was a time to stand up for what you believe in, it is now.
If ever there was a time to live on fire for Jesus and go after his mission and the lost people of this world, it is now.
Time is marching on.
And every day chariots will pass you by.
chariots of God opportunities, chariots of divine encounters, chariots of people desperate to hear the good news of Jesus.
Do we see them?
Do we go after them?
Do we chase those chariots?
Or are we too busy?
Are we too busy chasing everything else in this world, the things that are here today and gone tomorrow?
a YouTube busy chasing after fame, a YouTube busy chasing after wealth, a YouTube busy chasing after social media followers.
Perhaps you're too busy chasing after that next high, that next hit or that next bet.
You see, I don't know what you're chasing after, but I do know this.
If it is the things of God, if you're chasing after Him and what He wants you to go after, you will find life, prosperity and honor.
You will discover true value, purpose and meaning.
You will see soul save.
You will see miracles come to pass.
You will leave a legacy with your life.
Oh, if you believe it, give them a hand of praise in this place.
As Benjamin Franklin once said, lost time is never found again.
So spend it wisely.
Spend it on the things that count.
Spend it on things that have eternal value.
Spend it on things that matter to God.
When you step out, others will lean in.
So make sure you chase that chariot, for I promise you, you will not regret it.
You will not regret it.
You know, I woke up at five o'clock this morning, so excited to preach this word.
Thank you for one clap, up there.
I would say that was my mum, but she's on the front row.
It can't be my mum.
The third truth to ignite that courage in you that's going to help you share your faith with others is this.
is that intimidation equals limitation, and perhaps the keys can come forward.
Philip is now in the chariot.
The story goes on to say here in verse 34, that the Ethiopian man asked Philip, tell me, please, who is the prophet talking about himself or someone else?
Then Philip began with that very passage of Scripture.
and told him the good news about Jesus.
When Philip gets into the chariot, probably out of breath and with a sweat on, he wasn't intimidated by who he was now sitting with.
He wasn't concerned or worried about the questions that were about to come his way, for he knew
that he was not there by accident.
He was there by divine appointment.
He had a confidence that bypassed his nerves.
Friend, whenever you step out of your comfort zone to share your faith with someone, there will always be an opportunity for intimidation to step in.
Several years ago, whilst living in East Sussex, I met a guy called Steve at my local gym.
He was an older, rugged, tough-looking, lorry driver.
He heard that I was a pastor, and so he came up to me.
I had never met him before.
I had never had any engagement with this man before, but he bowled up to me and said, don't ever talk to me about Jesus and your church.
I said, okay.
I said, that's fine.
I said, what is your name?
He said, my name's Steve.
I said, Steve, we can talk about something else.
He had a lot of tattoos on his body.
And they asked him if any of them had a meaning.
And he pointed to a big skull that was on his shoulder.
And he said, yeah, this one represents evil.
I said, all right.
I said, did it hurt?
He said, no, the devil looks after his own.
That's what he said.
That's what I was dealing with.
As the weeks passed, we would have a lot of small talk.
We would even train together, but I honored his request.
And then one day, everything changed.
Steve revealed to me that his wife of 30 years had died of cancer seven years earlier.
She had had a faith in God, but in His words, it hadn't done her any good.
He had been drowning in grief ever since.
I said to Steve, I said, Steve, I can't fix your pain, but I can share mine.
I told him about my first daughter, my baby girl called L,
She was a stillborn baby, born at full term, perfectly formed, yet no beating heart, no breath in her lungs.
I never got to see her open her eyes.
Steve, I said it was nine months of development, nine months of dreaming what she was going to look like.
nine months of planning our future.
I said, Steve, it was the most darkest, the most painful chapter of my life.
He then asked me, he said, look, how can you still believe in a God that would allow such tragedy?
And I said, I was honest.
I said, Steve, I don't have all the answers.
I'd been angry too.
In fact, I had questioned my faith on many occasions, but I also told him that it was in that darkness that I found a strength.
I found a strength beyond my own.
I had a deep comfort in knowing that God was with me and a real tangible hope that somehow things would get better.
I said, Steve, I know through my faith.
And I know through my hope in Jesus that I have an assurance that she is in heaven.
And the one day I will hold her again.
And one day I will see her with her eyes wide open.
In that moment, the tough guy and Steve vanish.
We cried, we smiled, we hugged.
The man who strongly warned me to never mention the name Jesus then turned to me and said, what time is your church on a Sunday?
The whole journey with Steve started because I refused to be intimidated.
Intimidation leads to limitation.
In fact, I've learnt this.
Intimidation always gets louder when you listen to it.
There will always be reasons to retreat.
Ah, Luke, I can't share my faith.
I don't have all the answers.
Oh, I don't feel qualified.
I haven't been a Christian very long.
I'm in the minority.
Oh, Luke, you don't understand.
My personality is a little more introverted than yours.
I'll leave that part to someone else.
Oh, church, can I tell you this?
when you're on mission for Jesus Christ and intimidation starts knocking on your door, you need to open that door and answer it with a little bit of faith and say, I may be quieter than others, but I know that I have been fearfully and wonderfully made and I may not feel qualified to speak about God, but I know my God's words are in my mouth and I may be in the minority, but if God be for me, then who can be
against me, I will not fear, for I know the God who made the stars, the God who commanded the oceans, the God who raised the mountains, the God who will supply all your needs, the God who said I will never leave you nor will I forsake you, that God is in you, that God is for you, and that God is on your side.
Oh come on, somebody give him a shout of praise.
Give him a shout of praise.
You may take your seats.
I've got one more point.
Look, we're getting ahead of ourselves.
But this is very short, so you'll be back up on your feet in just a moment.
The final key is going to ignite courage in you and help you.
share the gospel and the people in your world is this, is that clear proclamation equals life transformation.
Clear proclamation equals life transformation.
When Philip woke up that morning, he didn't know how he was going to spend the 1,440 minutes.
We all get to spend in a day.
But what he did know was that if he heard the voice of God,
and he stepped out in faith, and he shut the door to intimidation.
Then something big, something powerful, something good was going to happen.
And it did.
The Ethiopian man who he didn't even know about an hour ago has now encountered Jesus.
He has been baptized and goes home to transform a nation, or because Philip knew the good news.
Do you know the good news?
Do you know what the good news is?
If you don't let me tell you, it's found in John 3.16, which says this for God, so love the world, that he gave his one and only son, that whosoever shall believe in him shall not perish, that have eternal life.
That is the good news.
In other words, all our sins from birth to death,
have been paid in full by Jesus Christ.
Christ's death on the cross and resurrection from the grave means that we can all receive forgiveness from our past and you purpose for our today and a brand new hope for our tomorrow.
Know in Jesus as your Lord and Savior means that we can have peace over fear, hope,
over despair, joy, over sorrow, healing, over sickness and victory, over death.
That is the good news.
And there is a world out there that is waiting on you to tell them that.
Oh, we're going to get ready to sing this song again right now.
You see, I know, I know that talking about Jesus isn't easy.
I know that there'll be setbacks.
I know that there'll be disappointments, that there'll be pain, that you will feel uncomfortable, that you will be misunderstood, that you may even feel out of place.
But people need to hear the Word of God.
Time is marching on.
And so today, church, get up.
Come on, let's get up.
The Bible says that today is the day of salvation.
So pick up your cross.
Push into His presence.
Take that step away.
Open up your mouth, open up your mouth, activate your courage.
There is a challenge for you to trust and a vision to complete in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Come on.
Come on, give man a praise if you believe.
He gets all the glory.
All the praise and all the honor for He is a good and faithful God, a God that loves you.
He died on a cross because He loves you.
He rose from the dead because He loves you and you can meet Him in a personal and a powerful way right now.
I always take a moment to give people an opportunity to make their peace with God, to invite Jesus Christ to come alive on the inside of you.
Maybe it's the first time you've come to church.
Perhaps it's the first time you've tuned in online and you don't understand it all, but you know something stirring in your heart.
Or perhaps you need to recommit your life to Christ today.
Maybe your life has got off mission.
But you know you've got to get back on mission.
And that starts by recommitting your life to Jesus.
And so if that's you, I'm going to pray with you in just a moment.
I'm going to count to three and on three.
I want you to slip up your hands.
It's a gift.
The gift of salvation.
You cannot buy it.
You cannot earn it.
You cannot work for it.
You receive it by saying sorry to God.
I'm repenting of your sins.
And you invite Jesus to come and live in you.
And the Bible says the moment you do that, you become a new creation.
Never to be the same again.
And so right now with heads bowed and eyes closed, no one moving around.
If that's you, just slip up your hands on three.
I see hands going up already.
Here we go.
One, two, three.
That's it.
Lift them up.
Thank you.
Thank you at the back.
Wonderful.
Thank you in the middle.
Thank you down here.
That's wonderful.
Anyone else join these people?
Thank you.
That's wonderful.
Anyone else?
Thank you right up there.
I see your hands too.
Praise God.
You can put your hands down.
As I said, I'm going to lead you through a simple prayer of faith.
and we're gonna all pray together as a church family.
And so come on church, repeat these words after me.
Let's pray.
Dear Lord Jesus, thank you for dying for me to forgive all my sins and failures.
I believe that you rose from the dead so that I can have a brand new life.
Please come into my heart
and help me by the power of the Holy Spirit to trust and live for you in Jesus name.
Amen.
And amen.
Come on, let's give those people and our God around the globe.
Wonderful.
Pastor Matt is going to get up in a minute and tell those people what to do next, but I want to be the first to congratulate you.
I made that commitment to Christ at 20 years old.
I'm 41 now.
I know I don't look it.
God's been good to me.
And I believe he's gonna be good to you too.
The best decision you'll ever make.
But before I finish, I wanna pray for you.
I believe I carry the spirit of an evangelist.
That there is faith in me and I wanna impart some of my faith into you.
That you leave this place today with a new courage.
that you're gonna chase those chariots that pass you down.
I guarantee you that even today for some of you chariots are gonna pass you by to tell people about Jesus.
And we're once upon a time you would have taken a step back.
You would have let that chariot pass you by.
Today you're gonna run after it.
As if you're running after that limousine down the Prince of Wales road.
So grab the hand of the person on your left and on your right.
We're in it together.
We're on mission together.
We're gonna see this city and your world want to Jesus together.
And so let me pray over you right now.
Dear God, I thank you for every man, woman and child in this room and watching online.
Lord, I thank you for their faithfulness.
I thank you for their courage, but today I ask that you would impart into them a new boldness.
Lord, that they will take
take the moments that come their way with both hands, that you would give them the words to say, that there will be a fire in their bones, that there will be a fire in their mouths, that as they speak your word will come forth and penetrate the lives of those that are broken, those that are lost, those that are hurting.
We will not be intimidated.
Lord, we will rise up and we will see this city, this nation,
And the people of this world want to you in the mighty, powerful and awesome name of Jesus.
And everybody say amen.
Amen.
Go ahead.
Come on one more time.
Let's thank Luke for extraordinary words.
Giving us courage to go out on mission today.
Thank you, Lou.
For everybody that made that decision, one amazing moment that was in the service.
And we want to honour that moment, that decision that you've made today, saying yes to Jesus, beginning your faith journey, following Him.
And I know we've got team Ben and Patricia down here and we've got a little room, our chapel, it's just designed to connect with you after the service.
Now, it's a great chance for you to use a bit of courage.
that you've received from that message and come straight down to Ben and Patricia, we'd love to give to you a John's gospel about the life, the account of Jesus.
Help you on your way, encourage you to go and live for him.
And so, come on, can we celebrate with everybody who's made that decision again today?
Praise God, it's brilliant.
If you said yes to Jesus today by saying the Salvation Prayer, we'd love for you to email connections at soulchurch.com.
So we can talk to you a little bit more about this incredible decision you've just made.
And if at any point in the service, you felt moved to give towards any of our local or global initiatives, head to soulchurch.com.
And don't forget to stay connected with us on Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube by searching at Soul Church UK.
Take care and God bless.